rename and some changes to other screenshot (#1401)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/api-console/api-design/custom_microservice_get_started.md

Now you have a customization interface and you can optionally customize some configuration if you want.

:::note

> By default are enabled the standard kubernetes configurations, that provide the default configurations yml, but you can use your custom files by enable *Raw manifest configuration mode*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the standard Kubernetes configurations are enabled, providing the default yaml configurations, but you can use your custom files by enabling *Raw manifest configuration mode*
```
